// Movie1
// imdb rating 0
// Director
// Catherine Hardwicke
// **Writers
// Melissa Rosenberg(screenplay)Stephenie Meyer(novel "Twilight")
// Stars
// Kristen StewartRobert PattinsonBilly Burke*



// Genre: 
// Storyline:  
// Country
// Release year: 
// Duration: 
// Language: 
// Total Worldwide Gross (maybe)



The Shawshank Redemption
Genre: Drama
Storyline: Chronicles the experiences of a formerly successful banker as a prisoner in the gloomy jailhouse of Shawshank after being 
found guilty of a crime he did not commit. The film portrays the man's unique way of dealing with his new, torturous life; along the 
way he befriends a number of fellow prisoners, most notably a wise long-term inmate named Red.
IMDB rating: 9.3
Release Year: (1994)
Duration: 142min
Language: English
Director: Frank Darabont
Stars: Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, Bob Gunton, William Sadler
Gross: $28.34M*


The Godfather
Genre: Crime, Drama
Storyline: The Godfather "Don" Vito Corleone is the head of the Corleone mafia family in New York. He is at the event of his daughter's 
wedding. Michael, Vito's youngest son and a decorated WW II Marine is also present at the wedding. Vito is a powerful man, and is kind 
to all those who give him respect but is ruthless against those who do not. But when a powerful and treacherous rival wants to sell 
drugs and needs the Don's influence for the same, Vito refuses to do it. What follows is a clash between Vito's fading old values and 
the new ways which may cause Michael to do the thing he was most reluctant in doing.
IMDB rating: 9.2
Release Year: (1972)
Duration: 175min
Languages: English, Italian, Latin
Director: Francis Ford Coppola
Stars: Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Diane Keaton
Gross: $134.97M*


The Dark Knight
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama, Thriller
Storyline: Set within a year after the events of Batman Begins (2005), Batman, Lieutenant James Gordon, and new District Attorney Harvey 
Dent successfully begin to round up the criminals that plague Gotham City, until a mysterious and sadistic criminal mastermind known only 
as "The Joker" appears in Gotham, creating a new wave of chaos. Batman's struggle against The Joker becomes deeply personal, forcing him 
to "confront everything he believes" and improve his technology to stop him.
IMDB rating: 9.0
Release year: (2008) 
Duration: 152 min
Language: English, Mandarin
Director: Christopher Nolan
Stars: Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, Aaron Eckhart, Michael Caine
Gross: $534.86M*


The Godfather: Part II
Genre: Crime, Drama
Storyline: The continuing saga of the Corleone crime family tells the story of a young Vito Corleone growing up in Sicily and in 1910s 
New York; and follows Michael Corleone in the 1950s as he attempts to expand the family business into Las Vegas, Hollywood and Cuba.
IMDB rating: 9.0
Release year: (1974)
Duration: 202 min
Languages: English, Italian, Spanish, Latin, Sicilian
Director: Francis Ford Coppola
Stars: Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton
Gross: $57.30M*


12 Angry Men
Genre: Crime, Drama
Storyline: The defense and the prosecution have rested, and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young man is guilty or 
innocent of murdering his father. What begins as an open-and-shut case of murder soon becomes a detective story that presents a succession 
of clues creating doubt, and a mini-drama of each of the jurors' prejudices and preconceptions about the trial, the accused, AND each other. 
Based on the play, all of the action takes place on the stage of the jury room.
IMDB rating: 9.0
Release year: (1957)
Duration: 96 min
Language: English
Director: Sidney Lumet
Stars: Henry Fonda, Lee J. Cobb, Martin Balsam, John Fiedler
Gross: $4.36M*


The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Storyline: The final confrontation between the forces of good and evil fighting for control of the future of Middle-earth. Frodo and 
Sam reach Mordor in their quest to destroy the One Ring, while Aragorn leads the forces of good against Sauron's evil army at the stone 
city of Minas Tirith.
IMDB rating: 8.9
Release year: (2003)
Duration: 201 min
Languages: English, Quenya, Old English, Sindarin
Director: Peter Jackson
Stars: Elijah Wood, Viggo Mortensen, Ian McKellen, Orlando Bloom
Gross: $377.85M*


Pulp Fiction
Genre: Crime, Drama
Storyline: Jules Winnfield (Samuel L. Jackson) and Vincent Vega (John Travolta) are two hit men who are out to retrieve a suitcase stolen 
from their employer, mob boss Marsellus Wallace (Ving Rhames). Wallace has also asked Vincent to take his wife Mia (Uma Thurman) out a 
few days later when Wallace himself will be out of town. Butch Coolidge (Bruce Willis) is an aging boxer who is paid by Wallace to lose 
his fight. The lives of these seemingly unrelated people are woven together comprising of a series of funny, bizarre and uncalled-for 
incidents.
IMDB rating: 8.9
Release year: (1994)
Duration: 154 min
Language: English, Spanish, French
Director: Quentin Tarantino
Stars: John Travolta, Uma Thurman, Samuel L. Jackson, Bruce Willis
Gross: $107.93M*


Schindler's List
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Storyline: Oskar Schindler is a vain and greedy German businessman who becomes an unlikely humanitarian amid the barbaric German Nazi 
reign when he feels compelled to turn his factory into a refuge for Jews. Based on the true story of Oskar Schindler who managed to save 
about 1100 Jews from being gassed at the Auschwitz concentration camp, it is a testament to the good in all of us.
IMDB rating: 8.9
Release year: (1993) 
Duration: 195 min
Language: English, Hebrew, German, Polish, Latin
Director: Steven Spielberg
Stars: Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Kingsley, Caroline Goodall
Gross: $96.90M*


Inception
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Storyline: Dom Cobb is a skilled thief, the absolute best in the dangerous art of extraction, stealing valuable secrets from deep within the 
subconscious during the dream state, when the mind is at its most vulnerable. Cobb's rare ability has made him a coveted player in this 
treacherous new world of corporate espionage, but it has made him an international fugitive and cost him everything he has ever loved. 
Now Cobb is being offered chance at redemption.last job could give him his life back but only if he can accomplish impossible, inception. 
IMDB rating: 8.8
Release year: (2010)
Duration: 148 min
Language: English, Japanese, French
Director: Christopher Nolan
Stars: Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Elliot Page, Ken Watanabe
Gross: $292.58M*


Fight Club
Genre: Drama
Storyline: A nameless first person narrator (Edward Norton) attends support groups in attempt to subdue his emotional state and relieve 
his insomniac state. When he meets Marla (Helena Bonham Carter), another fake attendee of support groups, his life seems to become a little 
more bearable. However when he associates himself with Tyler (Brad Pitt) he is dragged into an underground fight club and soap making scheme. 
Together the two men spiral out of control and engage in competitive rivalry for love and power.
IMDB rating: 8.8
Release year: (1999)
Duration: 139 min
Language: English
Director: David Fincher
Stars: Brad Pitt, Edward Norton, Meat Loaf, Zach Grenier
Gross: $37.03M*


The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Storyline: An ancient Ring thought lost for centuries has been found, and through a strange twist of fate has been given to a small Hobbit 
named Frodo. When Gandalf discovers the Ring is in fact the One Ring of the Dark Lord Sauron, Frodo must make an epic quest to the Cracks 
of Doom in order to destroy it. Through mountains, snow, darkness, forests, rivers and plains, facing evil and danger at every corner the 
Fellowship of the Ring must go. Their quest to destroy the One Ring is the only hope for the end of the Dark Lords reign.
IMDB rating: 8.8
Release year: (2001) 
Duration: 178 min
Language: English, Sindarin
Director: Peter Jackson
Stars: Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Orlando Bloom, Sean Bean
Gross: $315.54M*


Forrest Gump
Genre: Drama, Romance
Storyline: Forrest Gump is a simple man with a low I.Q. but good intentions. He is running through childhood with his best and only friend 
Jenny. His 'mama' teaches him the ways of life and leaves him to choose his destiny. Forrest joins the army for service in Vietnam, finding 
new friends called Dan and Bubba, he wins medals, creates a famous shrimp fishing fleet, inspires people to jog, starts a ping-pong craze, 
creates the smiley, writes bumper stickers and songs, donates to people and meets the president several times. 
IMDB rating: 8.8
Release year: (1994)
Duration: 142 min
Language: English
Director: Robert Zemeckis
Stars: Tom Hanks, Robin Wright, Gary Sinise, Sally Field
Gross: $330.25M*


The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Genre: Western
Storyline: Blondie (The Good) (Clint Eastwood) is a professional gunslinger who is out trying to earn a few dollars. Angel Eyes (The Bad) 
(Lee Van Cleef) is a hitman who always commits to a task and sees it through, as long as he is paid to do so. And Tuco (The Ugly) (Eli Wallach) 
is a wanted outlaw trying to take care of his own hide. Tuco and Blondie share a partnership together making money off of Tuco's bounty, but 
when Blondie unties the partnership, Tuco tries to hunt down Blondie. 
IMDB rating: 8.8
Release year: (1966)
Duration: 148 min
Language: Italian
Director: Sergio Leone
Stars: Clint Eastwood, Eli Wallach, Lee Van Cleef, Aldo Giuffrè
Gross: $6.10M*


Drishyam 2
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Storyline: Six years after the terrible event that almost destroyed his family, Georgekutty is the proud owner of a movie theater and aspiring
to write and produce his own hit film. Yet his wife Rani is ill at ease. She worries about Georgekutty, who's taken out a loan and started drinking. 
She worries about her daughters; Anju suffers epileptic fits and cowers in fear at the sound of a passing police siren, and young Anu's growing 
independence takes her away from her mother's watchful eyes. 
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release year: (2021)
Duration: 152 min
Language: Malayalam
Director: Jeethu Joseph
Stars: Mohanlal, Meena, Ansiba, Esther Anil*


The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
Genre:  Action, Adventure, Drama
Storyline: The continuing quest of Frodo and the Fellowship to destroy the One Ring. Frodo and Sam discover they are being followed by 
the mysterious Gollum. Aragorn, the Elf archer Legolas, and Gimli the Dwarf encounter the besieged Rohan kingdom, whose once great King 
Theoden has fallen under Saruman's deadly spell.
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release year: (2002)
Duration: 179 min
Language: English, Sindarin, Old English
Director: Peter Jackson
Stars: Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Viggo Mortensen, Orlando Bloom
Gross: $342.55M*


The Matrix
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi
Storyline: Thomas A. Anderson is a man living two lives. By day he is an average computer programmer and by night a hacker known as Neo. 
Neo has always questioned his reality, but the truth is far beyond his imagination. Neo finds himself targeted by the police when he is 
contacted by Morpheus, a legendary computer hacker branded a terrorist by the government. As a rebel against the machines, Neo must confront 
the agents: super-powerful computer programs devoted to stopping Neo and the entire human rebellion.
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release year: (1999)
Duration: 136 min
Language: English
Directors: Lana Wachowski, Lilly Wachowski
Stars: Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving
Gross: $171.48M*


Goodfellas
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Storyline: Henry Hill might be a small time gangster, who may have taken part in a robbery with Jimmy Conway and Tommy De Vito, two other 
gangsters who might have set their sights a bit higher. His two partners could kill off everyone else involved in the robbery, and slowly 
start to think about climbing up through the hierarchy of the Mob. Henry, however, might be badly affected by his partners' success, but 
will he consider stooping low enough to bring about the downfall of Jimmy and Tommy?
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release year: (1990)
Duration: 146 min
Language: English, Italian
Director: Martin Scorsese
Stars: Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci, Lorraine Bracco
Gross: $46.84M*


Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Storyline: Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, Princess Leia and Chewbacca face attack by the Imperial forces and its AT-AT walkers on the ice planet 
Hoth. While Han and Leia escape in the Millennium Falcon, Luke travels to Dagobah in search of Yoda. Only with the Jedi Master's help will 
Luke survive when the Dark Side of the Force beckons him into the ultimate duel with Darth Vader.
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release year: (1980)
Duration: 124 min
Language: English
Director: Irvin Kershner
Stars: Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams
Gross: $290.48M*


One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Genre: Drama
Storyline: McMurphy has a criminal past and has once again gotten himself into trouble and is sentenced by the court. To escape labor duties 
in prison,McMurphy pleads insanity and is sent to a ward for the mentally unstable. Once here, McMurphy both endures and stands witness 
to the abuse and degradation of the oppressive Nurse Ratched, who gains superiority and power through the flaws of the other inmates. McMurphy 
and the other inmates band together to make a rebellious stance against the atrocious Nurse.
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release year: (1975)
Duration: 133 min
Language: English
Director: Milos Forman
Stars: Jack Nicholson, Louise Fletcher, Michael Berryman, Peter Brocco
Gross: $112.00M*


Parasite
Original title: Gisaengchung
Genre: Drama, Comedy, Thriller
Storyline: The Kim family lives in a semi-basement and struggles to keep food on the table. They take on odd jobs for cash like folding pizza 
boxes, and they rely on unprotected wi-fi networks and street-cleaning pesticides to keep their home insect-free.
IMDB rating: 8.6
Release year: (2019)
Duration: 132 min
Language: Korean, English
Director: Bong Joon Ho
Stars: Kang-ho Song, Sun-kyun Lee, Yeo-jeong Cho, Woo-sik Choi
Gross: $53.37M*


Interstellar
Genre: Adventure | Drama | Sci-Fi
Storyline: Earth's future has been riddled by disasters, famines, and droughts. There is only one way to ensure mankind's survival: Interstellar 
travel. A newly discovered wormhole in the far reaches of our solar system allows a team of astronauts to go where no man has gone before, a 
planet that may have the right environment to sustain human life.
IMDB rating: 8.6 
Release year: (2014)
Duration: 189 min
Language: English
Director: Christopher Nolan
Stars: Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Mackenzie Foy
Gross: $136.80M*


City of God
Genre: Crime, Drama
Storyline: Brazil, 1960s, City of God. The Tender Trio robs motels and gas trucks. Younger kids watch and learn well...too well. 1970s: Li'l Zé has 
prospered very well and owns the city. He causes violence and fear as he wipes out rival gangs without mercy. His best friend Bené is the only 
one to keep him on the good side of sanity. Rocket has watched these two gain power for years, and he wants no part of it. he keeps getting 
swept up in the madness. All he wants to do is take pictures. 
IMDB rating : 8.6
Release year: (2002)
Duration: 130 min
Language: Portuguese
Directors: Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund
Stars: Alexandre Rodrigues, Leandro Firmino, Matheus Nachtergaele
Gross: $30,680,793*


Spirited Away
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Family
Storyline: Chihiro and her parents are moving to a small Japanese town in the countryside. On the way to their new home, Chihiro's father makes 
wrong turn and drives down a lonely one-lane road which dead-ends in front of a tunnel. They go through the tunnel and find an abandoned 
amusement park on  other side, with its own little town. When her parents see a restaurant with great-smelling food but no staff, they decide 
to eat and pay later. Chihiro meets a boy named Haku who tells her that Chihiro and her parents are in danger.
IMDB rating : 8.6
Release year: (2001)
Duration: 125 min
Language: Japanese | English
Director: Hayao Miyazaki
Stars: Daveigh Chase, Suzanne Pleshette, Miyu Irino, Rumi Hiiragi
Gross: $355,475,245*


Saving Private Ryan
Genre: Drama, War
Storyline: Opening with the Allied invasion of Normandy on 6 June 1944, members of the 2nd Ranger Battalion under Cpt. Miller fight ashore to secure 
beachhead. Amidst the fighting, two brothers are killed in action. Earlier in New Guinea, a third brother is KIA. Their mother, Mrs. Ryan, is to receive 
all three of the grave telegrams on the same day. The United States Army Chief of Staff, George C. Marshall, is given an opportunity to alleviate some 
of her grief when he learns of a fourth brother, Private James Ryan, and decides to send out 8 men (Cpt. Miller and select members from 2nd Rangers) 
to find him and bring him back home.
IMDB rating : 8.6
Release year: (1998)
Duration: 169 min
Language: English | French | German | Czech
Director: Steven Spielberg
Stars: Tom Hanks, Matt Damon, Tom Sizemore, Edward Burns
Gross: $216.54M*


The Green Mile
Genre: Crime, Drama, Fantasy
Storyline: Death Row guards at a penitentiary, in the 1930's, have a moral dilemma with their job when they discover one of their prisoners, a 
convicted murderer, has a special gift.
IMDB rating : 8.6
Release year: (1999)
Duration: 189 min
Language:  English | French
Director: Frank Darabont
Stars: Tom Hanks, Michael Clarke Duncan, David Morse, Bonnie Hunt
Gross: $136.80M*


Life Is Beautiful
Genre:  Comedy, Drama, Romance
Storyline: In 1930s Italy, a carefree Jewish book keeper named Guido starts a fairy tale life by courting and marrying a lovely woman from a 
nearby city. Guido and his wife have a son and live happily together until the occupation of Italy by German forces. In an attempt to hold 
his family together and help his son survive the horrors of a Jewish Concentration Camp, Guido imagines that the Holocaust is a game and 
that the grand prize for winning is a tank.
IMDB rating : 8.6
Release year: (1997)
Duration: 116 min |
Language:  Italian | German | English
Director: Roberto Benigni
Stars: Roberto Benigni, Nicoletta Braschi, Giorgio Cantarini, Giustino Durano
Gross: $57.60M*


Seven
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Storyline: A film about two homicide detectives' (Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt) desperate hunt for a serial killer who justifies his 
crimes as absolution for the world's ignorance of the Seven Deadly Sins. The movie takes us from the tortured remains of one victim to 
the next as the sociopathic "John Doe" (Kevin Spacey) sermonizes to Detectives Somerset and Mills -- one sin at a time. The sin of 
Gluttony comes first and the murderer's terrible capacity is graphically demonstrated in the dark and subdued tones characteristic 
of film noir.
IMDB rating : 8.6
Release year: (1995)
Duration: 127 min
Language:  English
Director: David Fincher
Stars: Morgan Freeman, Brad Pitt, Kevin Spacey, Andrew Kevin Walker
Gross: $100.13M*


The Silence of the Lambs
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Storyline: F.B.I. trainee Clarice Starling (Jodie Foster) works hard to advance her career, while trying to hide or put behind her West 
Virginia roots, of which if some knew, would automatically classify her as being backward or white trash. After graduation, she 
aspires to work in the agency's Behavioral Science Unit under the leadership of Jack Crawford (Scott Glenn). While she is still a 
trainee, Crawford asks her to question Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins), a psychiatrist imprisoned, thus far, for eight 
years in maximum security isolation for being a serial killer who cannibalized his victims. 
IMDB rating : 8.6
Release year: (1991)
Duration: 118 min
Language: English | Latin 
Director: Jonathan Demme
Stars: Jodie Foster, Anthony Hopkins, Lawrence A. Bonney, Kasi Lemmons
Gross: $130.74M*


Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope
Genre:  Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Storyline: The Imperial Forces, under orders from cruel Darth Vader, hold Princess Leia hostage in their efforts to quell the rebellion 
against the Galactic Empire. Luke Skywalker and Han Solo, captain of the Millennium Falcon, work together with the companionable 
droid duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess, help the Rebel Alliance and restore freedom and justice to the Galaxy
IMDB rating : 8.6
Release year: (1977)
Duration: 121 min
Language:  English
Director: George Lucas
Stars: Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Alec Guinness
Gross: $322.74M*


Harakiri
Genre: Action, Drama, Mystery
Storyline: Peace in 17th-century Japan causes the Shogunate's breakup of warrior clans, throwing thousands of samurai out of work and into 
poverty. An honorable end to such fate under the samurai code is ritual suicide, or hara-kiri (self-inflicted disembowelment). An elder warrior, 
Hanshiro Tsugumo (Tatsuya Nakadai) seeks admittance to the house of a feudal lord to commit the act. There, he learns of the fate of his 
son-in-law,a young samurai who sought work at the house but was instead barbarically forced to commit traditional hara-kiri in an excruciating 
manner with a dull bamboo blade.
IMDB rating : 8.6
Release year: (1962)
Duration: 133 min 
Language:  Japanese
Director: Masaki Kobayashi
Stars: Tatsuya Nakadai, Akira Ishihama, Shima Iwashita, Tetsurô Tanba
Gross: $15,222*


Pather Panchali
Genre: Drama
Storyline: The story of a young boy, Apu, and life in his small Indian village. His parents are quite poor. His sister Durga and an old aunt 
also still lives with them. His mother Sarbojaya bears the brunt of the family's situation. She scrapes by and sells her personal possessions 
to put food on the table. Things get worse when Harihar disappears for five months and Durga falls ill. Even after Harihar returns, the family 
is left with few alternatives.
IMDB rating : 8.6
Release year: (1955)
Duration: 125 min
Language:  Bengali
Director: Satyajit Ray
Stars: Kanu Bannerjee, Karuna Bannerjee, Subir Banerjee, Chunibala Devi
Gross: $0.54M*


It's a Wonderful Life
Genre: Drama, Family, Fantasy
Storyline: George Bailey has spent his entire life giving of himself to the people of Bedford Falls. He has always longed to travel but never 
had the opportunity in order to prevent rich skinflint Mr. Potter from taking over the entire town. All that prevents him from doing so is 
George's modest building and loan company, which was founded by his generous father. But on Christmas Eve, George's Uncle Billy loses 
the business's $8,000 while intending to deposit it in the bank. Potter finds the misplaced money and hides it from Billy. 
IMDB rating : 8.6
Release year: (1946)
Duration: 130 min
Language: English | French
Director: Frank Capra
Stars: James Stewart, Donna Reed, Lionel Barrymore, Thomas Mitchell
Gross: $6,184,298*


Raatchasan
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Storyline:Circumstances force Arun, an aspiring film director, to take up the job of a Sub Inspector after his father passes away. While 
Arun faces issues in adjusting to the lifestyle of a police officer, a series of mysterious murders of school going girls happen in the city. 
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (2018)
Duration: 170 min
Language: Tamil
Director: Ram Kumar
Stars: Vishnu Vishal, Amala Paul, Radha Ravi, Sangili Murugan
Gross: $0.1M*


Whiplash
Genre: Drama, Music
Storyline:  Nineteen year old Andrew Niemann wants to be the greatest jazz drummer in the world, in a league with Buddy Rich. This goal 
is despite not coming from a pedigree of greatest, musical or otherwise, with Jim, his high school teacher father, being a failed writer. Andrew 
is starting his first year at Shaffer Conservatory of Music, the best music school in the United States. At Shaffer, being the best means being 
accepted to study under Terence Fletcher and being asked to play in his studio band, which represents the school at jazz competitions.
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (2014)
Duration: 106 min 
Language:  English
Director: Damien Chazelle
Stars: Miles Teller, J.K. Simmons, Melissa Benoist, Paul Reiser
Gross: $13.09M*


Untouchable
Genre:  Biography, Comedy, Drama
Storyline: In Paris, the aristocratic and intellectual Philippe is a quadriplegic millionaire who is interviewing candidates for the position of his 
carer, with his red-haired secretary Magalie. Out of the blue, Driss cuts the line of candidates and brings a document from the Social Security and 
asks Phillipe to sign it to prove that he is seeking a job position so he can receive his unemployment benefit. Philippe challenges Driss, offering him 
a trial period of one month to gain experience helping him.
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (2011)
Duration: 112 min
Language:  French | English
Directors: Olivier Nakache, Éric Toledano
Stars: François Cluzet, Omar Sy, Anne Le Ny, Audrey Fleurot
Gross: $13.18M*


The Prestige
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Storyline: In the end of the nineteenth century, in London, Robert Angier, his beloved wife Julia McCullough, and Alfred Borden are friends and 
assistants of a magician. When Julia accidentally dies during a performance, Robert blames Alfred for her death, and they become enemies. Both 
become famous and rival magicians, sabotaging the performance of the other on the stage. When Alfred performs a successful trick, Robert becomes 
obsessed trying to disclose the secret of his competitor with tragic consequences.
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (2006)
Duration: 130 min 
Language:  English
Director: Christopher Nolan
Stars: Christian Bale, Hugh Jackman, Scarlett Johansson, Michael Caine
Gross: $53.09M*


The Departed
Genre:  Crime, Drama, Thriller
Storyline: In this crime-action tour de force, the South Boston state police force is waging war on Irish-American organized crime. Young undercover 
cop Billy Costigan is assigned to infiltrate the mob syndicate run by gangland chief Frank Costello. While Billy quickly gains Costello's confidence, 
Colin Sullivan, a hardened young criminal who has infiltrated the state police as an informer for the syndicate is rising to a position of power in the 
Special Investigation Unit. 
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (2006)
Duration: 151 min
Language:  English | Cantonese
Director: Martin Scorsese
Stars: Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Mark Wahlberg
Gross: $132.38M*


The Pianist
Genre: Biography, Drama, Music
Storyline: In this adaptation of the autobiography "The Pianist: The Extraordinary True Story of One Man's Survival in Warsaw, 1939-1945," 
Wladyslaw Szpilman, a Polish Jewish radio station pianist, sees Warsaw change gradually as World War II begins. Szpilman is forced into the 
Warsaw Ghetto, but is later separated from his family during Operation Reinhard. From this time until the concentration camp prisoners are released,
 Szpilman hides in various locations among the ruins of 
Warsaw.
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (2002)
Duration:  150 min
Language:  English | German | Russian
Director: Roman Polanski
Stars: Adrien Brody, Thomas Kretschmann, Frank Finlay, Emilia Fox
 Gross: $32.57M*


Gladiator
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Storyline: Maximus is a powerful Roman general, loved by the people and the aging Emperor, Marcus Aurelius. The powerful general is unable to 
save his family, and his loss of will allows him to get captured and put into the Gladiator games until he dies. The only desire that fuels him now 
is the chance to rise to the top so that he will be able to look into the eyes of the man who will feel his revenge.
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (2000)
Duration: 155 min
Language:  English
Director: Ridley Scott
Stars: Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen, Oliver Reed
Gross: $187.71M*


American History X
Genre:  Drama
Storyline:  Derek Vineyard is paroled after serving 3 years in prison for brutally killing two black men who tried to break into/steal his truck. 
Through his brother's, Danny Vineyard, narration, we learn that before going to prison, Derek was a skinhead and the leader of a violent white 
supremacist gang that committed acts of racial crime throughout L.A. and his actions greatly influenced Danny. Reformed and fresh out of prison,
Derek severs contact with the gang and becomes determined to keep Danny from going down the same violent path as he did.
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (1998)
Duration:  119 min
Language:  English
Director: Tony Kaye
Stars: Edward Norton, Edward Furlong, Beverly D'Angelo, Jennifer Lien
Gross: $6.72M*


The Usual Suspects
Genre:  Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Storyline: Following a truck hijack in New York, five criminals are arrested and brought together for questioning. As none of them are guilty, they 
plan a revenge operation against the police. The operation goes well, but then the influence of a legendary mastermind criminal called Keyser Söze 
is felt. It becomes clear that each one of them has wronged Söze at some point and must pay back now. The payback job leaves 27 men dead in a boat 
explosion, but the real question arises now: Who actually is Keyser Söze?
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (1995)
Duration: 106 min
Language:  English | Hungarian | Spanish | French
Director: Bryan Singer
Stars: Kevin Spacey, Gabriel Byrne, Chazz Palminteri, Stephen Baldwin
Gross: $23.34M*


Leon
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Storyline: After her father, step-mother, step-sister and little brother are killed by her father's employers, the 12-year-old daughter of an abject drug 
dealer manages to take refuge in the apartment of a professional hitman who at her request teaches her the methods of his job so she can take her 
revenge on the corrupt DEA agent who ruined her life by killing her beloved brother.
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (1994)
Duration: 110 min
Language:  English | Italian | French
Director: Luc Besson
Stars: Jean Reno, Gary Oldman, Natalie Portman, Danny Aiello
Gross: $19.50M*


The Lion King
Genre:  Animation, Adventure, Drama
Storyline: A young lion prince is cast out of his pride by his cruel uncle, who claims he killed his father. While the uncle rules with an iron paw, 
the prince grows up beyond the Savannah, living by a philosophy: No worries for the rest of your days. But when his past comes to haunt him, the 
young prince must decide his fate: Will he remain an outcast or face his demons and become what he needs to be?
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (1994)
Duration: 88 min
Language:  English | Swahili | Xhosa | Zulu
Directors: Roger Allers, Rob Minkoff
Stars: Matthew Broderick, Jeremy Irons, James Earl Jones, Whoopi Goldberg
Gross: $422.78M*


Terminator 2: Judgment Day 
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi
Storyline: Over 10 years have passed since the first machine called The Terminator tried to kill Sarah Connor and her unborn son, John. However, 
another Terminator, called the T-1000, is sent back through time by the supercomputer Skynet. This new Terminator is more advanced and more 
powerful than its predecessor and its mission is to kill John Connor when he's still a child. However, in the Internet and John do not have to face 
the threat of the T-1000 alone. Another Terminator is also sent back through time to protect them. Now, the battle for tomorrow has begun.
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (1991)
Duration:  137 min
Language:  English | Spanish
Director: James Cameron
Stars: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Edward Furlong, Robert Patrick
Gross: $204.84M*


Cinema Paradiso
Genre:  Drama, Romance
Storyline: A boy who grew up in a native Sicilian Village returns home as a famous director after receiving news about the death of an old friend. 
Told in a flashback, Salvatore reminiscences about his childhood and his relationship with Alfredo, a projectionist at Cinema Paradiso. Under the 
fatherly influence of Alfredo, Salvatore fell in love with film making, with the duo spending many hours discussing about films and Alfredo 
painstakingly teaching Salvatore the skills that became a stepping stone for the young boy into the world of film making. 
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (1988)
Duration: 155 min
Language:  Italian
Director: Giuseppe Tornatore
Stars: Philippe Noiret, Enzo Cannavale, Antonella Attili, Isa Danieli
Gross: $11.99M*


Grave of the Fireflies
Genre: Animation, Drama, War
Storyline:The story of Seita and Setsuko, two young Japanese siblings, living in the declining days of World War II. When an American 
firebombing separates the two children from their parents, the two siblings must rely completely on one another while they struggle to 
fight for their survival.
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (1988)
Duration:  89 min 
Language:  Japanese
Director: Isao Takahata
Stars: Tsutomu Tatsumi, Ayano Shiraishi, Akemi Yamaguchi, Yoshiko Shinohara
Gross: $516,962*


Back to the Future
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Sci-Fi
Storyline:Marty McFly, a typical American teenager of the Eighties, is accidentally sent back to 1955 in a plutonium-powered DeLorean 
"time machine" invented by a slightly mad scientist. During his often hysterical, always amazing trip back in time, Marty must make certain 
his teenage parents-to-be meet and fall in love - so he can get back to the future.
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (1985)
Duration: 116 min
Language:  English
Director: Robert Zemeckis
Stars: Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Crispin Glover
Gross: $210.61M*


Once Upon a Time in the West
Genre: Western
Storyline: Jill McBain travels to the wild frontier; Utah - where she and her new husband planned to settle down. Upon arrival, she finds 
him and his children dead. There's a lot of land, and potential, but there's those who want to take it - at any cost. Even if it means killing 
a man and his kids.
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (1968)
Duration: 165 min
Language:  English | Italian | Spanish
Director: Sergio Leone
Stars: Henry Fonda, Charles Bronson, Claudia Cardinale, Jason Robards
Gross: $5.32M*


Psycho
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Storyline:Phoenix office worker Marion Crane is fed up with the way life has treated her. She has to meet her lover Sam in lunch breaks, 
and they cannot get married because Sam has to give most of his money away in alimony. One Friday, Marion is trusted to bank forty 
thousand dollars by her employer. Seeing the opportunity to take the money and start a new life, Marion leaves town and heads towards 
Sam's California store. Tired after the long drive and caught in a storm, she gets off the main highway and pulls into the Bates Motel. 
IMDB rating : 8.5
Release year: (1960)
Duration: 109 min 
Language:  English
Director: Alfred Hitchcock | 
Stars: Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh, Vera Miles, John Gavin
Gross: $32.00M*



//Ek tamil movie hai vo remove krdo or ek italian movie hai vo bhi.
//Add harry potter
//Lunchbox hai shyd irfan khan ki crosscheck kr lena
//Conjuring 
//thodi si marvel ki krdo
//jisme 1 se jyada movies hai like harry potter, usme bss harry potter likh kr description m hi bakki parts k naam likh do bss
//incredibles and cars bhi add kr skte ho
