
Scam 1992
The Harshad Mehta Story
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Storyline: Set in early 90's Bombay, Scam 1992: The Harshad Mehta Story captures the meteoric rise and fall of Harshad Mehta- the 
flamboyant big bull of the stock market. When feisty financial journalist Sucheta Dalal exposed him as the man behind India's 
biggest financial scam of the time, it shook the nation.
IMDB rating:  9.5
Release Year: (2020)
Duration: 54 min
Language:  Hindi
Stars: Stars: Pratik Gandhi, Shreya Dhanwanthary, Hemant Kher, Anjali Barot*


Breaking Bad
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Storyline:When chemistry teacher Walter White is diagnosed with Stage III cancer and given only two years to live, he decides he has 
nothing to lose. He lives with his teenage son, who has cerebral palsy, and his wife, in New Mexico. Determined to ensure that his family
will have a secure future, Walt embarks on a career of drugs and crime. He proves to be remarkably proficient in this new world as he 
begins manufacturing and selling methamphetamine with one of his former students.
IMDB rating: 9.4
Release Year: (2008 to 2013)
Duration:  49 min
Language: Englih
Stars: Bryan Cranston, Aaron Paul, Anna Gunn, Betsy Brandt*


Game of Thrones
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Storyline:In the mythical continent of Westeros, several powerful families fight for control of the Seven Kingdoms. As conflict erupts in 
the kingdoms of men, an ancient enemy rises once again to threaten them all. Meanwhile, the last heirs of a recently usurped dynasty plot 
to take back their homeland from across the Narrow Sea. 
IMDB rating:  9.3
Release Year: (2011 to 2019)
Duration: 57 min 
Language: English
Stars: Emilia Clarke, Peter Dinklage, Kit Harington, Lena Headey *


Avatar-The Last AirbenderGenre
Genre: Animation, Action, Adventure
Storyline: The world is divided into four elemental nations: The Northern and Southern Water Tribes, the Earth Kingdom, the Fire Nation, 
and the Air Nomads. The Avatar upholds the balance between the nations, but everything changed when the Fire Nation invaded. Only the 
Avatar, master of all four elements, can stop them. But when the world needs him most, he vanishes. A hundred years later Katara and 
Sokka discover the new Avatar, an airbender named Aang. Together they must help Aang master the elements and save the world.
IMDB rating:  9.3
Release Year: (2005 to 2008)
Duration: 23 min
Language:  English
Stars:Dee Bradley Baker, Zach Tyler, Mae Whitman, Jack De Sena*


The Wire
Genre: rime, Drama, Thriller
Storyline:Set in Baltimore, this show centers around the city's inner-city drug scene. It starts as mid-level drug dealer, D'Angelo 
Barksdale beats a murder rap. After a conversation with a judge, Det. James McNulty has been assigned to lead a joint homicide and 
narcotics team, in order to bring down drug kingpin Avon Barksdale. Avon Barksdale, accompanied by his right-hand man Stringer Bell, 
enforcer Wee-Bey and many lieutenants (including his own nephew, D'Angelo Barksdale), has to deal with law enforcement, informants in 
his own camp, and competition with a local rival, Omar, who's been robbing Barksdale's dealers and reselling the drugs. The supervisor 
of the investigation, Lt. Cedric Daniels, has to deal with his own problems, such as a corrupt bureaucracy, some of his detectives 
beating suspects, hard-headed but determined Det. McNulty, and a blackmailing deputy. The show depicts the lives of every part of the 
drug "food chain", from junkies to dealers, and from 
cops to politicians.
IMDB rating: 9.3
Release Year: (2002 to 2008)
Duration: 59 min
Language:  English | Greek | Mandarin | Spanish
Stars: Dominic West, Lance Reddick, Sonja Sohn, Wendell Pierce*


Rick and Morty
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Storyline: An animated series on adult-swim about the infinite adventures of Rick, a genius alcoholic and careless scientist, with his 
grandson Morty, a 14 year-old anxious boy who is not so smart. Together, they explore the infinite universes; causing mayhem and running 
into trouble.
IMDB rating:  9.2
Release Year: (2013)
Duration: 23 min
Language: English
Stars:Justin Roiland, Chris Parnell, Spencer Grammer, Sarah Chalke *


The Sopranos
Genre:  Crime, Drama
Storyline:An innovative look at the life of fictional Mafia Capo Tony Soprano, this serial is presented largely first person, but 
additional perspective is conveyed by the intimate conversations Tony has with his psychotherapist. We see Tony at work, at home, 
and in therapy. Moments of black comedy intersperse this aggressive, adult drama, with adult language, and extreme violence.
IMDB rating: 9.2 
Release Year: (1999 to 2007)
Duration:  55 min 
Language:  English | Italian | Russian
Stars:  James Gandolfini, Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli*


Sherlock
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Storyline:In this modernized version of the Conan Doyle characters, using his detective plots, Sherlock Holmes lives in early 21st 
century London and acts more cocky towards Scotland Yard's detective inspector Lestrade because he's actually less confident. 
Doctor Watson is now a fairly young veteran of the Afghan war, less adoring and more active.
IMDB rating: 9.1
Release Year: (2010 to 2017)
Duration: 88 min
Language: English
Stars: Benedict Cumberbatch, Martin Freeman, Una Stubbs, Rupert Graves*


Fullmetal Alchemist:Brotherhood
Genre:  Animation, Action, Adventure
Storyline: Two brothers lose their mother to an incurable disease. With the power of "alchemy", they use taboo knowledge to resurrect her. 
The process fails, and as a toll for using this type of alchemy, the older brother, Edward Elric loses his left leg while the younger 
brother, Alphonse Elric loses his entire body. To save his brother, Edward sacrifices his right arm and is able to affix his brother's 
soul to a suit of armor. With the help of a family friend, Edward receives metal limbs - "automail" - to replace his lost ones.
alchemy for the military. 
IMDB rating:  9.1
Release Year: (2009 to 2012)
Duration: 24 min
Language: Japanese
Stars:  Kent Williams, Iemasa Kayumi, Vic Mignogna, Romi Pak*


Attack on Titan
Genre:  Animation, Action, Adventure
Storyline: Humans are nearly exterminated by giant creatures called Titans. Titans are typically several stories tall, seem to have no 
intelligence, devour human beings and, worst of all, seem to do it for the pleasure rather than as a food source. A small percentage of 
humanity survived by walling themselves in a city protected by extremely high walls, even taller than the biggest of titans. Flash 
forward to the present and the city has not seen a titan in over 100 years. Teenage boy Eren and his foster sister Mikasa witness 
something horrific as the city walls are destroyed by a colossal titan that appears out of thin air. As the smaller titans flood the 
city, the two kids watch in horror as their mother is eaten alive. Eren vows that he will murder every single titan and take revenge 
for all of mankind.
IMDB rating: 24 min 
Release Year: (2013 to 2021)
Duration: 24 min
Language:  Japanese
Stars: Yûki Kaji, Marina Inoue, Josh Grelle, Yui Ishikawa *


Aspirants
Genre:  Drama
Storyline:Aspirants is a story of 3 friends - Abhilash, Shwetketu(SK) and Guri. The story revolves around the past and the present time 
where the past captures the struggle and the drama behind the making of UPSC CSE aspirants in Old Rajinder Nagar of Delhi, while the 
present talks about the aftermath. It is the story of three UPSC aspirant's journey and most importantly - their friendship besides all odds!
IMDB rating:  9.0
Release Year: (2021)
Duration: 45 min
Language:  Hindi
Stars: Naveen Kasturia, Shivankit Singh Parihar, Abhilash Thapliyal, Sunny Hinduja*


Death Note
Genre: Animation, Crime, Drama
Storyline: After an intelligent yet cynical high school student begins to cleanse the world from evil with the help of a magical notebook 
that can kill anyone whose name is written on it, international authorities call upon a mysterious detective known as "L" to thwart his 
efforts.
IMDB rating:   9.0 
Release Year: (2006 to 2007)
Duration: 24 min 
Language: Japanese
Stars: Mamoru Miyano, Brad Swaile, Vincent Tong, Ryô Naitô *


Firefly
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Sci-Fi
Storyline:Captain Malcolm 'Mal' Reynolds is a former galactic war veteran who is the captain of the transport ship "Serenity". Mal and his 
crew, ensign Zoe Alleyne Washburne; Zoe's husband, pilot Hoban 'Wash' Washburne; muscular mercenary Jayne Cobb; young mechanic Kaylee Frye; 
former Alliance medical officer Simon Tam; his disturbed teenage sister River (both on the run from the interplanetary government "The 
Alliance"); the beautiful courtesan Inara Serra; and preacher Shepherd Book do any jobs, legal or illegal, they can find as the Serenity 
crew travels across the outskirts of outer space. 
IMDB rating:  9.0
Release Year: (2002 to 2003)
Duration: 44 min
Language: English | Mandarin
Stars: Nathan Fillion, Gina Torres, Alan Tudyk, Morena Baccarin*


Fargo
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Storyline: The all new "true crime" case of Fargo's new chapter travels back to 1979 in Sioux Falls, South Dakota and Luverne, Minnesota, 
where a young State Police Officer Lou Solverson, recently back from Vietnam, investigates a case involving a local crime gang and a major 
Mob syndicate. Helping him piece things together is his father-in-law, Sheriff Hank Larsson. The investigation will lead them to a colorful 
cast of characters that includes Karl Weathers, the town lawyer of Luverne, Minnesota. A Korean War vet, Karl is a flowery drunk blessed 
with the gift of gab and the eloquence of a true con artist.
IMDB rating:  8.9
Release Year: (2014)
Duration: 53 min
Language: English | German | Korean | Spanish | American Sign Language | French | Ukrainian | Hebrew | Russian
Stars: Billy Bob Thornton, Martin Freeman, Allison Tolman, Colin Hanks*


True Detective
Genre:  Crime, Drama, Mystery
Storyline:In 2012, Louisiana State Police Detectives Rust Cohle and Martin Hart are brought in to revisit a homicide case they worked in 1995. 
As the inquiry unfolds in present day through separate interrogations, the two former detectives narrate the story of their investigation, 
reopening unhealed wounds, and drawing into question their supposed solving of a bizarre ritualistic murder in 1995. The timelines braid and 
converge in 2012 as each man is pulled back into a world they believed they'd left behind. In learning about each other and their killer, it 
becomes clear that darkness lives on both sides of the law.
IMDB rating: 8.9
Release Year: (2014  to 2019)
Duration: 55 min
Language:  English
Stars: Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch *


The Office
Genre: Comedy
Storyline:A mediocre paper company in the hands of Scranton, PA branch manager Michael Scott. This mockumentary follows the everyday lives 
of the manager and the employees he "manages." The crew follows the employees around 24/7 and captures their quite humorous and bizarre 
encounters as they will do what it takes to keep the company thriving.
IMDB rating: 8.9
Release Year: (2005 to 2013)
Duration: 22 min 
Language:  English
Stars: Steve Carell, Jenna Fischer, John Krasinski, Rainn Wilson*


Friends
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Storyline:Ross Geller, Rachel Green, Monica Geller, Joey Tribbiani, Chandler Bing, and Phoebe Buffay are six 20 something year olds living 
in New York City. Over the course of 10 years and seasons, these friends go through family, love, drama, friendship, and comedy.
IMDB rating: 
Release Year: (1994 to 2004)
Duration: 22 min
Language:English | Spanish | Italian | French | Dutch | Hebrew 
Stars: Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow, Matt LeBlanc*


The Mandalorian
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Storyline: After the stories of Jango and Boba Fett, another warrior emerges in the Star Wars universe. The Mandalorian is set after the 
fall of the Empire and before the emergence of the First Order. We follow the travails of a lone gunfighter in the outer reaches of the 
galaxy far from the authority of the New Republic.
IMDB rating: 
Release Year: (2019)
Duration: 40 min
Language:  English
Stars: Pedro Pascal, Gina Carano, Giancarlo Esposito, Chris Bartlett*


Dark
Genre:  Crime, Drama, Mystery
Storyline: The first German production from the world's leading Internet TV Network is set in a German town in present day where the 
disappearance of two young children exposes the double lives and fractured relationships among four families. In ten hour-long episodes, 
the story takes on a surprising twist that ties back to the same town in 1986.
IMDB rating:  8.8
Release Year: (2015)
Duration: 60 min 
Language:  German
Stars:  Louis Hofmann, Karoline Eichhorn, Lisa Vicari, Maja Schöne*


One Punch Man: Wanpanman
Genre: Animation, Action, Comedy
Storyline:In a world of superhuman beings, Saitama is a unique hero, he can defeat enemies with a single punch. But being just one hero in 
a world filled with them, his life is empty and hollow: he gets no respect from anyone, he displays a laidback attitude to everything and 
for the most part, he finds his overall hero life pointless... and worst of all, he lost his hair due to intense training. These are the 
adventures of an ordinary yet extraordinary hero.
IMDB rating:  8.8
Release Year: (2015)
Duration: 24 min
Language: Japanese | English
Stars: Makoto Furukawa, Kaito Ishikawa, Max Mittelman, Zach Aguilar *


Narcos
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Storyline:Narcos tells the true-life story of the growth and spread of cocaine drug cartels across the globe and attendant efforts of law 
enforcement to meet them head on in brutal, bloody conflict. It centers around the notorious Colombian cocaine kingpin Pablo Escobar 
(Wagner Moura) and Steve Murphy (Holbrook), a DEA agent sent to Colombia on a U.S. mission to capture him and ultimately kill him.
IMDB rating: 8.8
Release Year: (2015 to 2017)
Duration: 49 min 
Language: English | Spanish
Stars: Pedro Pascal, Wagner Moura, Boyd Holbrook, Alberto Ammann*


Peaky Blinders
Genre:  Crime, Drama
Storyline: Thomas Shelby and his brothers return to Birmingham after serving in the British Army during WWI. Shelby and the Peaky Blinders, 
the gang he is leader of, control the city of Birmingham But as Shelby's ambitions extend beyond Birmingham, he plans to build on the 
business empire he's created, and stop anyone who gets in his way.
IMDB rating:  8.8
Release Year: (2013)
Duration: 60 min
Language: Italian | Yiddish | English | Romanian | Irish
Stars: Cillian Murphy, Paul Anderson, Helen McCrory, Sophie Rundle*


Black Mirror
Genre: Drama, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Storyline:Set in a world only minutes from our own, "Black Mirror" unveils how modern technologies can backfire and be used against their 
makers, every episode set in a slightly different reality with different characters combating different types of technologies.
IMDB rating: 8.8
Release Year: (2011)
Duration: 60 min
Language: English 
Stars:Daniel Lapaine, Hannah John-Kamen, Michaela Coel, Beatrice Robertson-Jones*


It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
Genre:  Comedy
Storyline: The gang, 5 raging alcoholic, narcissists run a failing dive bar in south philly. The gang make up some scheme for sex, money, 
fame or for any other terrible reason you could think of. It always goes south however, as the gang (sometimes literally) have their 
plans blow up in their face.
IMDB rating: 8.8
Release Year:  (2005)
Duration: 22 min
Language: English
Stars:  Charlie Day, Glenn Howerton, Rob McElhenney, Kaitlin Olson*


Freaks and Geeks
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Storyline:It's the 1980s and at McKinley High, there's two different groups of teenagers, the Freaks with cool and charismatic Daniel 
Desario and tomboy Lindsay Weir and the Geeks with Lindsay's shy younger brother Sam, gentle Bill Haverchuck, and self-proclaimed 
ladies' man Neal Schweiber. The show chronicles the normal teen/adolescence problems any teenager goes through including acceptance, 
drugs, drinking, and bullying. 
IMDB rating: 8.8
Release Year: (1999 to 2000)
Duration: 44 min 
Language: English
Stars: Linda Cardellini, John Francis Daley, James Franco, Samm Levine*


Twin Peaks
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Storyline:The body of a young girl (Laura Palmer) is washed up on a beach near the small Washington state town of Twin Peaks. FBI 
Special Agent Dale Cooper is called in to investigate her strange demise only to uncover a web of mystery that ultimately leads him 
deep into the heart of the surrounding woodland and his very own soul. 
IMDB rating:  8.8
Release Year: (1990 to 1991)
Duration: 47 min 
Language:English | Icelandic | Afrikaans | Norwegian 
Stars:  Kyle MacLachlan, Michael Ontkean, Mädchen Amick, Dana Ashbrook*


Seinfeld
Genre: Comedy
Storyline: Jerry Seinfeld stars in this television comedy series as himself, a comedian. The premise of this sitcom is Jerry and his friends 
going through everyday life, discussing various quirky situations, to which we can all relate (especially if we live in New York City). The 
eccentric personalities of the offbeat characters who make up Jerry's social circle contribute to the fun.
IMDB rating: 8.8
Release Year: (1989 to 1998)
Duration: 22 min 
Language:  English
Stars:  Jerry Seinfeld, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Michael Richards, Jason Alexander*


Fleabag
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Storyline: A dry-witted woman, known only as Fleabag, has no filter as she navigates life and love in London while trying to cope with tragedy. 
The angry, grief-riddled woman tries to heal while rejecting anyone who tries to help her, but Fleabag continues to keep up her bravado through 
it all. Comic actress Phoebe Waller-Bridge stars as the titular character on the series, which is based on Waller-Bridge's 2013 one-woman show 
of the same name. 
IMDB rating:  8.7
Release Year: (2016 to 2019)
Duration: 27 min
Language: English 
Stars:  Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sian Clifford, Olivia Colman, Jenny Rainsford*


This Is Us
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Storyline:Rebecca Pearson once had a difficult pregnancy with triplets. The resulting births occurred on the same day as her husband Jack 
Pearson's thirty-sixth birthday. The lives of Rebecca, Jack and their three offspring - Kevin, Kate and Randall - are presented at different 
points in time. The Rebecca and Jack stories generally take place during the early stage of their marriage, surrounding the birth of the 
three children or at different phases of the children's upbringing, which was not always smooth sailing for any of the five. Separate 
stories concerning Kevin, Kate and Randall are also presented in their adult years, each who has his or her own baggage resulting from 
that upbringing: Kevin who was generally the neglected one because he had no outward issues; Kate who has always had weight issues; 
Randall, the gifted one, being the visible outsider and being the "non-K" child. These stories may demonstrate the emotional ties that exist 
not only because of being family, but also because ... 
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release Year: (2016 to 2022)
Duration: 45 min
Language: English
Stars: Milo Ventimiglia, Mandy Moore, Sterling K. Brown, Chrissy Metz*


Stranger Things
Genre:  Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Storyline: In a small town where everyone knows everyone, a peculiar incident starts a chain of events that leads to the disappearance of a 
child, which begins to tear at the fabric of an otherwise peaceful community. Dark government agencies and seemingly malevolent supernatural 
forces converge on the town, while a few of the locals begin to understand that there's more going on than meets the eye.
IMDB rating: 8.7 
Release Year: (2016)
Duration:  51 min
Language: English | Russian
Stars: Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard, Winona Ryder, David Harbour *


BoJack Horseman
Genre:  Animation, Comedy, Drama
Storyline:After starring in the popular sitcom "Horsin' Around" in the late 80s and early 90s, BoJack Horseman struggles with his deteriorating 
popularity, depression, addiction, and maintaining the relationships with those he cares about, but can't seem to stop hurting, all while 
living in the satirical, pun-filled city of Hollywood, California.
IMDB rating:  8.7
Release Year: (2014 to 2020)
Duration: 25 min  
Language: English
Stars: Will Arnett, Amy Sedaris, Alison Brie, Aaron Paul *


Better Call Saul
Genre: Crime, Drama
Storyline:Before Saul Goodman, he was Jimmy McGill. And if you're calling Jimmy, you're in real trouble. The prequel to "Breaking Bad" follows 
small-time attorney Jimmy McGill as he transforms into Walter White's morally challenged lawyer, Saul Goodman.
IMDB rating:8.7
Release Year: (2015)
Duration:  46 min
Language: English | Spanish | Vietnamese
Stars:Bob Odenkirk, Rhea Seehorn, Jonathan Banks, Patrick Fabian *


House of Cards
Genre:  Drama
Storyline:Majority House Whip Francis Underwood takes you on a long journey as he exacts his vengeance on those he feels wronged him - that 
is, his own cabinet members including the President of the United States himself. Dashing, cunning, methodical and vicious, Frank Underwood 
along with his equally manipulative yet ambiguous wife, Claire, take Washington by storm through climbing the hierarchical ladder to power 
in this Americanized recreation of the BBC series of the same name. 
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release Year: (2013 to 2018)
Duration: 51 min
Language:  English
Stars:Kevin Spacey, Michel Gill, Robin Wright, Kate Mara *


Downton Abbey
Genre:  Drama, Romance
Storyline:Lord Robert Crawley, Earl of Grantham (Hugh Bonneville) sees his family heritage, especially the grand country home Downton Abbey, 
as his mission in life. The death of his heir aboard R.M.S. Titanic means distant cousin Matthew Crawley (Dan Stevens), a Manchester lawyer, 
suddenly is next in line and accepts moving onto the vast estate with his even more modernist, socially engaged mother, who clashes with his 
Lordship's domineering, conservative mother, the dowager countess. Marrying off the daughters is another concern. Meanwhile, the butler 
presides over a staff which serves the family, but also lead most of their entire lives in the servants' quarters, intriguing amongst themselves.
IMDB rating: 8.7 
Release Year: (2010 to 2015)
Duration: 58 min
Language:  English
Stars:Hugh Bonneville, Phyllis Logan, Elizabeth McGovern, Brendan Coyle *


The Boys
Genre:  Action, Comedy, Crime
Storyline:The Boys is set in a universe in which superpowered people are recognized as heroes by the general public and owned by a 
powerful corporation, Vought International, which ensures that they are aggressively marketed and monetized. Outside of their heroic 
personas, most are arrogant and corrupt. The series primarily focuses on two groups: the titular Boys, vigilantes looking to keep 
the corrupted heroes under control, and the Seven, Vought International's premier superhero team. The Boys are led by Billy Butcher, 
who despises all superpowered people, and the Seven are led by the egotistical and unstable Homelander.
IMDB rating: 8.7 
Release Year: (2019)
Duration: 60 min 
Language: English
Stars:  Karl Urban, Jack Quaid, Antony Starr, Erin Moriarty*


House M.D.
Genre: Drama, Mystery
Storyline:The series follows the life of anti-social, pain killer addict, witty and arrogant medical doctor Gregory House (Hugh Laurie) with 
only half a muscle in his right leg. He and his team of medical doctors try to cure complex and rare diseases from very ill ordinary people 
in the United States of America. 
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release Year: (2004 to 2012)
Duration: 44 min 
Language:  English
Stars:  Hugh Laurie, Omar Epps, Robert Sean Leonard, Jesse Spencer*


Battlestar Galactica
Genre:  Action, Adventure, Drama
Storyline:The second war against the Cylons is over, and The Twelve Colonies have been destroyed. Now Commander Adama of the Battlestar 
Galatica and President Laura Roslin lead a ragtag fleet of refugees in a supposed search for the fabled lost thirteenth colony, Earth. 
However, the dangers they face are many, which compound an already difficult situation. In addition to the Cylons hunting and attacking 
the fleet in space and their infiltrator units carrying out sabotage--even as their former unwitting pawn, Gaius Baltar, helps in the 
hunt for them while hiding both his own guilt and the strange presence that haunts his every thought--the fleet also faces internal 
political conflict in which the rabble-rousing figure Tom Zarek is merely the loudest dissenting voice, not to mention recurring shortages 
of food, water, and even oxygen.
IMDB rating:8.7 
Release Year: (2004 to 2009)
Duration:  44 min
Language:  English
Stars:Edward James Olmos, Mary McDonnell, Jamie Bamber, James Callis *


Rome
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Storyline:In this British historical drama, the turbulent transition from Roman republic to autocratic empire, which changed world history 
through civil war and wars of conquest, is sketched both from the aristocratic viewpoint of Julius Caesar, his family, his adopted successor 
Octavian Augustus, and their political allies and adversaries, and from the politically naive viewpoint of a few ordinary Romans, notably 
the soldiers Lucius Vorenus and Titus Pullo and their families.
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release Year: (2005 to 2007)
Duration: 52 min
Language: English
Stars:  Kevin McKidd, Ray Stevenson, Polly Walker, Kerry Condon*


Arrested Development
Genre: Comedy
Storyline:Meet the wildly dysfunctional Bluth family. This family was once at the height of real estate development in Orange County, 
California. But when the family business - the Bluth Company - goes bust, they're suddenly found penniless with their assets frozen. They 
move into their last remaining asset - the model home left over from their latest housing tract. Their luxury vehicles are replaced with a 
reminder of the family's former wealth: 'the stair car that accompanied their private jet'. The patriarch of the family is George Bluth - 
he's now in prison, and loving every minute of it. His wife Lucille and daughter Lindsay are spoiled socialites who can't handle getting 
kicked out of family restaurants. His son Buster is in his mid 30's.
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release Year: (2003 to 2019)
Duration:  22 min 
Language: English
Stars: Jason Bateman, Michael Cera, Portia de Rossi, Will Arnett *


Curb Your Enthusiasm
Genre:  Comedy
Storyline: He's got it all: a loving wife, good friends, a successful career, a great home...what could possibly go wrong for Larry 
David? Seinfeld co-creator Larry David stars as himself in this hilarious, off-kilter comedy series that presents an unflinching, 
self-deprecating depiction of his life.
IMDB rating:  8.7
Release Year: (2000)
Duration: 28 min 
Language: English
Stars: Larry David, Cheryl Hines, Jeff Garlin, Susie Essman *


Six Feet Under
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Storyline:Nathaniel Fisher, his wife Ruth, and their children David and Claire run a small funeral business that offers the best care to 
be found anywhere close by. Prodigal son Nate Jr. arrives home for Christmas just as his father is killed by a bus, and has to stick 
around when he and David are willed the funeral service together. How does a family who helps others deal with grief deal with its own? 
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release Year: (2001 to 2005)
Duration:  55 min
Language: English
Stars:Peter Krause, Michael C. Hall, Frances Conroy, Lauren Ambrose *


Dragon Ball Z
Genre:  Animation, Action, Adventure
Storyline: In the version that is shown on YTV in Canada, the story begins mid-way through the Dragon Ball Z series. Raditz, Goku's brother 
has traveled to Earth to find out why Goku has not yet destroyed the planet as he was supposed to do. But while as a baby, Goku was dropped 
(down a huge cliff) and forgot his real mission. Kakarot, Goku's real name battles his brother Raditzs along with former enemy Piccolo and 
friend Krillin. Meanwhile, Gohan; Goku's son reveals his hidden powers against Raditz and nearly kills Raditz. However Goku is killed in the 
end, but Raditz is eventually defeated by Piccolo. Before he dies, he tells them that two evil Saiyans even more powerful then he is, are on 
route to Earth.
IMDB rating:  8.7
Release Year: (1996 to 2003)
Duration: 24 min
Language: English
Stars:  Doc Harris, Christopher Sabat, Scott McNeil, Sean Schemmel*


South Park
Genre: Animation, Comedy
Storyline:The curious, adventure-seeking, fourth grade group of 10 year old boys, Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny, all join in in buffoonish 
adventures that sometimes evolve nothing. Sometimes something that was simple at the start, turns out to get out of control. Everything is 
odd in the small mountain town, South Park, and the boys always find something to do with it.
IMDB rating: 8.7
Release Year: (1997)
Duration: 22 min
Language:  English
Stars:  Trey Parker, Matt Stone, Isaac Hayes, Mona Marshall*


Cobra Kai
Genre: Action, Comedy, Drama
Storyline:Thirty years after their final confrontation at the 1984 All Valley Karate Tournament, Johnny Lawrence is at rock-bottom as an 
unemployed handyman haunted by his wasted life. However, when Johnny rescues a bullied kid, Miguel, from bullies, he is inspired to restart 
the notorious Cobra Kai dojo. However, this revitalization of his life and related misunderstandings find Johnny restarting his old rivalry 
with Daniel LaRousso, a successful businessman who may be happily married, but is missing an essential balance in life since the death of his 
mentor, Mr. Miyagi. Meanwhile, even as this antipathy festers, it finds itself reflected in their protegees as Miguel and his comrades are 
gradually poisoned by Cobra Kai's thuggish philosophy.
IMDB rating:  8.6 
Release Year: (2018)
Duration: 30 min |
Language:  English
Stars: Courtney Henggeler, Mary Mouser, Tanner Buchanan, Ralph Macchio*


Mindhunter
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Storyline:Two FBI agents, fighting the departmental stigma of backroom boys - those who try to complicate the status quo of simple Means, 
Motive, Opportunity (MMO) of crime-solving with academics - work to develop an innovative investigative field incorporating psychology, 
anthropology and sociology as a method to reveal the motive. They acknowledge classic crime-solving - MMO - as no longer sufficient 
because criminality is becoming more complicated as Motive graduates from need and greed to inexplicable and irrational reasons.
IMDB rating:  8.6
Release Year: (2017 to 2019)
Duration: 60 min
Language: English
Stars:  Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Hannah Gross*


The Crown
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Storyline:This show focuses on Queen Elizabeth II as a young newlywed faced with leading the world's most famous monarchy, while forging a 
relationship with legendary Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill. The British Empire is in decline, the political world is in disarray, but 
a new era is dawning. Peter Morgan's masterfully researched scripts reveal the Queen's private journey behind the public façade with 
daring frankness. Prepare to see into the coveted world of power and privilege behind the locked doors of Westminster and Buckingham Palace.
IMDB rating:  8.6
Release Year: (2016)
Duration: 58 min
Language:  English
Stars:  Claire Foy, Olivia Colman, Imelda Staunton, Matt Smith*


Daredevil
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Storyline:As a child Matt Murdock was blinded by a chemical spill in a freak accident. Instead of limiting him it gave him superhuman senses 
that enabled him to see the world in a unique and powerful way. Now he uses these powers to deliver justice, not only as a lawyer in his own 
law firm, but also as vigilante at night, stalking the streets of Hell's Kitchen as Daredevil, the man without fear. 
IMDB rating: 8.6
Release Year: (2015 to 2018)
Duration: 54 min
Language: English 
Stars:  Charlie Cox, Vincent D'Onofrio, Deborah Ann Woll, Elden Henson*


The Newsroom
Genre: Drama
Storyline:A news team attempts to create a news show that reports the news in an ethical and reasonable way. They take real, newsworthy events 
from our world as they're happening (such as bin Laden's justified killing, NSA spying, etc) and report on them as if they were an actual news 
station that followed rational and moral guidelines, in a biting criticism of our popular press and a clever blurring of art and reality. 
IMDB rating: 8.6
Release Year: (2012 to 2014)
Duration:  55 min
Language: English 
Stars: Jeff Daniels, Emily Mortimer, John Gallagher Jr., Alison Pill*


Top Gear
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Reality-TV
Storyline:Top Gear is a British television series about motor vehicles, primarily cars, and is a relaunched version of the original 1977 show 
of the same name, airing since 2002, and becoming the most widely watched factual television programme in the world.
IMDB rating: 8.6
Release Year: (2002)
Duration: 60 min
Language: Italian | German | Spanish | French | English
Stars:  Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond, James May, The Stig*


Archer
Genre: Animation, Action, Comedy
Storyline:At an international spy agency, global crises are merely opportunities for its highly trained employees to confuse, undermine, betray 
and royally screw each other. At the center of it all is suave master spy Sterling Archer, whose less-than-masculine code name is "Duchess." 
Archer works with his domineering mother Malory, who also is his boss. He also has to deal with his ex-girlfriend, Agent Lana Kane and her new 
boyfriend, comptroller Cyril Figgis, as well as Malory's lovesick secretary, Cheryl.
IMDB rating: 8.6
Release Year:  (2009)
Duration: 22 min
Language:  English
Stars:H. Jon Benjamin, Judy Greer, Amber Nash, Chris Parnell *